Docs review (#459)
digital-asset/daml-finance: docs/source/overview/extending-daml-finance.rst

The default account implementation in Daml Finance allows you to define authorization requirements
for incoming and outgoing transfers through the
:ref:`controllers <type-daml-finance-interface-account-account-controllers-36430>` property.

> For some cases, however, a custom account implementation maybe warranted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some cases, however, a custom account implementation may be warranted:
```
